{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 WHAT IT IS ABOUT: Cristobal Krusen wrote this book as a collection of short biographies of notable men and women from history. He shows how their Christian faith shaped the choices they made and the impact they had in politics, science, arts, and service. The stories remind us that ordinary believers can live with courage and conviction in the middle of real challenges.\
THE BIG IDEA: Christian faith is not just personal belief. When lived out with honesty and perseverance, it can shape history and touch lives in lasting ways.\
TALK IT THROUGH:\
Which story in the book stayed with you most, and why did it hit close to home?\
When have you seen your own faith tested in the work you do or the responsibilities you carry?\
What obstacles in your daily life make it hard to live out what you believe?\
How does hearing about these historical figures change the way you think about your own influence as a husband, father, or leader?\
Where in your community or family do you sense a quiet call to step up with courage?\
What small habit of faith have you seen make a difference over time in your life or someone close to you?\
Who might need to hear one of these stories from you this week, and what holds you back from sharing it?\
READ THE WORD:\
Matthew 5:13-16\
James 2:14-17\
Ephesians 2:8-10\
1 Peter 2:11-12\
Galatians 6:9-10\
ONE PRACTICE: This week, pick one person from the book or from your own life whose faith you admire. Spend a few quiet minutes each morning remembering one specific way they lived it out. Then look for one small opportunity in your day to do something similar in your own ordinary setting. Keep it simple and steady. No need for grand gestures. Just faithful steps.\
}